README.md, before:

Nacatamal
=========

What is Nacatamal?
------------------

Nacatamal is a deployment tool that I created to help me launch my code to production/development servers. I decided to 
create my own after trying Capistrano and other related tools. I found that there was too many options than what
I needed. Thus, I created this simple tool to help me out and I thought I would share it.

Requirements
------------

To use Nacatamal you have to have php version 5.3 and up installed, and you can only use git as the VCS.

Installation
------------

Simply download composer, run composer install and then you will be all set to run nacatamal.

Getting Started
----------------

In order to use Nacatamal, create a config.yml and fill values like the distributed config.yml.

*   To package up your source code:

        php nacatamal package --project=myproject

*   To deploy the newest packaged code base to a server:

        php nacatamal deploy --project=myproject --build=latest --server=prod

What is left
-------------

I haven't fully finished my tool, I plan to use it with Jenkins since I use it to control the pushes. It currently
will run if you just install it anywhere like in your dev box. I haven't had a need to create a log file either but
I think it might be a good idea. As of right now setting it up is a manual thing but perhaps later I will create a setup
command.

Commit message:

updating the make file to install dependencies and updated the doc with the instructions

README.md, after:

Nacatamal
=========

What is Nacatamal?
------------------

Nacatamal is a deployment tool that I created to help me launch my code to production/development servers. I decided to 
create my own after trying Capistrano and other related tools. I found that there was too many options than what
I needed. Thus, I created this simple tool to help me out and I thought I would share it.

Requirements
------------

To use Nacatamal you have to have php version 5.3 and up installed, and you can only use git as the VCS.

Installation
------------

In the root directory, simply run the following:
    $ make install

Getting Started
----------------

In order to use Nacatamal, create a config.yml and fill values like the distributed config.yml.

*   To package up your source code:

        php nacatamal package --project=myproject

*   To deploy the newest packaged code base to a server:

        php nacatamal deploy --project=myproject --build=latest --server=prod

What is left
-------------

I haven't fully finished my tool, I plan to use it with Jenkins since I use it to control the pushes. It currently
will run if you just install it anywhere like in your dev box. I haven't had a need to create a log file either but
I think it might be a good idea. As of right now setting it up is a manual thing but perhaps later I will create a setup
command.
